c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\RadioKameleon.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\RadioKameleon.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Splat.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\obj\Debug\RadioKameleon.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\obj\Debug\RadioKameleon.dll
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\obj\Debug\RadioKameleon.pdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\obj\Debug\RadioKameleon.Main.xaml.g.cs
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\obj\Debug\RadioKameleon.dll.mdb
c:\Users\adinh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\RadioKameleon\bin\Debug\RadioKameleon.dll.mdb
